REPRODUCIBILITY BUNDLE
DAG-guided benchmarking of causal machine learning for Parvovirus B19 IgG serostatus: a simulation study and data-quality audit
Analysis date: 31 July 2026 | Base seed: 20260730

CONTENTS
- Locked Monte Carlo, causal-forest, sample-splitting and synthetic-benchmark outputs.
- Non-disclosive aggregate cohort summaries and an aggregate audit JSON.
- Six final 300-dpi manuscript figures.
- Exact Python package requirements and SHA-256 manifest.

HOW TO VERIFY
1. Place Parvovirus_B19_DAG_DML_Reproducible_Analysis.ipynb in the same directory as the extracted bundle contents.
2. Create and activate a Python 3.12 environment.
3. Install: python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
4. Register the kernel if needed:
   python -m ipykernel install --user --name b19-causal-ml --display-name "Python (B19 causal ML)"
5. Execute:
   python -m nbconvert --execute --to notebook --inplace Parvovirus_B19_DAG_DML_Reproducible_Analysis.ipynb --ExecutePreprocessor.timeout=600

The submitted default RUN_FULL_ANALYSIS=False verifies locked files, repetition counts, zero numerical failures, checksums, figures and manuscript claims. Set RUN_FULL_ANALYSIS=True only for a full recomputation; it may require at least 35 minutes on four CPU threads.

PROTECTED DATA
The source workbook is intentionally excluded because it contains patient IDs, names and sensitive health information. Full source-data or synthetic-generator recomputation requires institutionally authorized local access. Set environment variable B19_WORKBOOK to that workbook path. The loader immediately discards the identifier columns and does not display patient rows.

INTERPRETIVE LIMITS
The real cohort supports aggregate audit and description only. All causal estimator performance claims arise from parametric simulations with known truth. One missing age was median-imputed before synthetic-data generation; CBC, liver and renal fields were excluded rather than imputed. TVAE’s 92.3% exact benchmark-field match rate constitutes catastrophic overfitting and memorization and prohibits release. Exact-match and nearest-neighbour diagnostics are not numerical re-identification probabilities and do not establish anonymity. No patient-level synthetic dataset is included.
